well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so I was on Twitter it saw
something trending it was like hey I
watch that show I thought I was gonna
see adorable photos of Drew Barrymore
it's not what it was and I wasn't
surprised by what it was because that's
not surprising anymore so let's run
through it I mean we know what we know
what happens an hour right after you're
gonna say we need better security arm
the teachers they're having us a gun
control that's what people are gonna say
and what I'm gonna hear thoughts and
prayers because that's what it is that's
what it is it's not solution either one
of them if they were gonna happen it
won't but let's say they do let's say
they do okay you got security
you have turned that school into a
castle it's a fortress man but they
still got to get to and from school
they'll be bunched up outside I guess we
can bring the buses in like through a
sally port like a prison we can do that
but then there's the bus stops will
approve bus stops that's the answer huh
you follow that line of reasoning long
enough you end up with armed students
probably not the solution because it's
not addressing the problem and you look
at gun control it's not going to happen
but let's pretend that it well let's say
it passes magic poof then what people
don't give them up this isn't other
countries other countries didn't have
more guns than people the u.s. does so
people don't give them up then men with
guns instead of coming to their school
come to their homes and we know how
accurate police fire is if they're at
the right address it's just changing
who's taking them out it's not stopping
them because it's not actually
addressing the problem
the problem isn't the kids are getting
killed I know that's hard to believe but
that's not the problem that's the
symptom the problem is that kids want to
kill other kids where do they get that
idea from what are our solutions to this
more violence more guns sent many of the
guns to the home arm the teachers of
course they think they solve all their
problems with violence it's what we've
taught them we say otherwise but you
can't tell a kid anything you got to
show up and here we are we're showing
them you know depending on how people
did the math when I did that three part
series on America's conflicts said how
many years of peace were there three to
seventeen years the age range of the
victims of course we have a problem with
violence we glorify it at every turn
this is how we solve all of our problems
so that's how they're going to we talk
to them
I fail to believe that there's no
solution that doesn't involve more
violence we got two hundred thousand
people watching this two hundred
thousand people on this channel and
there's some smart people I'm dead
serious when I say this I would love to
see comments with solutions that don't
involve additional violence because no
matter what that's not gonna be the
solution because we're just reinforcing
the idea that that's how you solve the
problems none of the stuff that gets
thrown out ever addresses the motive so
all we end up with are a bunch of kids
that still want to kill other kids I
can't believe that that's gonna be the
solution there's no
magic lamp to rub here we're not gonna
be able to wish this away we have a
systemic problem we need a complete
culture change but we're not gonna get
it as long as we keep wanting thoughts
and prayers a student after this after
this last one said that they can train
you what to do in a drill but they can't
prepare you for being scared
I heard that almost exact sentence once
congratulations America our high school
students are talking like Rangers after
the first time they were in compact we
got a bigger problem than any of these
minor solutions no fix anyway it's just
a fall I'll have a good day